ENG-27660: New content on llama stack search types (#828)
opendatahub-io/opendatahub-documentation: modules/about-llama-stack-search-types.adoc

:_module-type: REFERENCE

[id="about-llama-stack-search-types_{context}"]
= About Llama stack search types

[role='_abstract']

> Llama Stack supports keyword, vector, and hybrid search modes for retrieving context in retrieval-augmented generation (RAG) workloads. Each mode offers different trade-offs in precision, recall, semantic depth, and computational cost.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Llama Stack supports keyword, vector, and hybrid search modes for retrieving context in retrieval-augmented generation (RAG) workloads. Each mode offers different tradeoffs in precision, recall, semantic depth, and computational cost.
```

Author: Changed to your suggestion in the most recent commit.

=== Vector search
Vector search encodes documents and queries as dense numerical vectors, known as embeddings, and measures similarity with metrics such as cosine similarity or inner product. This approach captures contextual meaning and supports semantic matching beyond exact word overlap. For more information, see link:https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/8733051[Billion-scale similarity search with GPUs].

=== Hybrid search
Hybrid search blends keyword and vector techniques, typically by combining individual scores with a weighted sum or methods, such as Reciprocal Rank Fusion (RRF). This approach returns results that balance exact matches with semantic relevance. For more information, see link:https://arxiv.org/html/2410.20381v1[Sparse, Dense, and Hybrid Retrieval for Answer Ranking].

== Retrieval database support

> Milvus is the supported retrieval database for Llama Stack. It currently provides vector search. However, keyword and hybrid search capabilities are not currently supported.

Author: @jiripetrlik

Typically, we don't publish information on functionality that is "being worked on" in the official user docs. We have to focus on documenting what's in the current product.

> Milvus is the supported retrieval database for Llama Stack. It currently provides vector search. However, keyword and hybrid search capabilities are not currently supported.

Reviewer 2: @chtyler Understand, makes sense. :+1:
